docs: clarify log storage is not in operator (#291)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/postgresql_conf.md

Refer to the PostgreSQL documentation for [more information on `pg_hba.conf`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/auth-pg-hba-conf.html).

> Inside the cluster manifest, `pg_hba` lines are added as list items
> in `spec.postgresql.pg_hba`. e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the cluster manifest, `pg_hba` lines are added as list items
in `spec.postgresql.pg_hba`, as in the following excerpt:
```

``` yaml
  postgresql:
    pg_hba:

>       - host all all 10.244.0.0/16 md5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - hostssl app app 10.244.0.0/16 md5
```

Reviewer: I would rather encourage usage of SSL in examples. Also I am restricting access to the app database for the app user, using md5.
